♪ [music] ♪
We want to make the app layout and
that's this whole thing is going to be our
app, and then inside of app we're going to
have...we got a Header component,
we've got a whole bunch of Fish components
here. We've got our Order component and
we've got our Inventory component. So
let's sort of scaffold that out and then
we'll go into each component
and sort of hook them on up.
So go back to our Sublime Text or whatever
editor you're using here,
and we want to make a new component and
I'm going to call that "App.js."
And what you can do is you can pretty
much just take...if you're comfortable
with this already, you can take it from
StorePicker and put it in App.
I'm going to go through it once more with
you. So first we need React,
then we want to make a component for our
application, so say, "class App extends,
React.component."
And what is the one method that you
absolutely need on all of your components?
You need a render() method. And inside of
that what we're going to do,
is we're going to return some JSX. So we
open and close these parentheses here
because we're entering in multiple lines
of JSX. And then we need a div with the
class of "catch-of-the-day," and inside of
that, we're going to have a menu.
Inside of that, we're going to have a
Header component.
Now, this here Header, capital H, it's not
the same thing as a  tag.
It's a component that we are actually
going to make. I'm going to put it in
there and we'll see why that will break
and how we can fix that.
And then below here, we're going
to...eventually, we're going to have a
whole bunch of these Fish components here.
So we're just going to have ,
, , , over and over. But we
haven't done that yet,
so I'm just going to leave it right at
Header.
And then down here, we are going to have
an Order component and we need the
Inventory component. So give that a save
and we head back to our Google
Chrome here, nothing changed. And why is
still rendering StorePicker?
It's because our render() method here is
still rendering out the StorePicker,
it makes sense, right? So we need to go
back into here. We need to export
default App. We need to go back into our
index.js
and we're going to get into routing in a
future video where if you're on the home
page, it'll show you StorePicker,
otherwise, it's going to show you the App
component, sort of like one or the other.
But we haven't hooked up routing yet.
So what I want to do is just import the
App component from our components
directory and then we'll render out the
App component here.
Save, go back. See, now it refreshes.
Nothing here. Let's see what our dev tools
is telling us. It's telling us we have an
error here: "ReferenceError: Header is not
defined." The reason we get that is because
we have not yet made this Header component
nor have we made the Order component or
the Inventory component. So let's go to
our components directory here, a new file,
make a Header.js so we'll start to see
a pattern of making new components. We
need to grab React. We're going to make
ourselves a class.
And then what is the one method you always
need? Is render() inside of that.
Let's just `return`. Let's just give
ourselves a paragraph tag for now that
says "Header" and then, of course, we need
to export default Header. Now that we've
made this Header component, we need to go
back to our App.js file.
We've used it here, so we need to import
Header from './Header'; Why not use the
components folder? Because we're
already in App.js and we're just going to
a sibling file here called Header.js.
Now, if I give that a save, it's going to
start to complain that it cannot find
module "React." Capital R there. But
now it's complaining that Order is not
defined and that's just because we haven't
done Order and we haven't done Inventory
yet. So if I just temporarily take those
out to see Header is now rendered to
the page but we need to do the exact same
thing we did on Header for Order as well
as Inventory. So I'm just going to take a
copy and name it Order.js. And I grab
every instance and name it Order.
And then I can name this Inventory.js.
Grab every instance of
Order and name it Inventory.
Finally, we'll go to our App here, I'm
going to grab Header and say,
import Order. We'll also want
to import Inventory.
Good, so we have just made...that was
pretty quick, but we just made three like
really simple components; Inventory,
Order and Header. And now when we refresh,
we should now see Header,
Order and Inventory being rendered out,
but our React DevTools here,
you can see that we have our App
component, inside of that we've got our
Header component, we've got an Order
component, we've got an Inventory
component.